# Step 3: The Golden Code

Jolly good.
Your advanced cipher held up against attack from the villainous Goldberger and Dr. On and their backing evil organization, S.C.R.I.P.T.E.R.

We have played defense long enough against these criminals.
It is time to go on the offense.
They have their own cipher technology, codenamed the _Golden Code_, which they use to create ciphertext.

Your final task, given you agree to tackle it, is to develop a `createCodeCracker` function.
It should take an object of settings as described below.
It will return a function that, when given a code, repeatedly makes a guess and checks the guess for validity.
We will use it to break into the secret messages used by S.C.R.I.P.T.E.R. and defeat them once and for all!

## Specification

Parameters:

1. An object with the following properties:

- `attempts`: How many code cracking attempts should be made
- `makeGuess`: A function that has...
  - Parameters:
    1. `text`: Any string
    2. `attempt`: Which number attempt is happening
  - Return: A string to use as a guess
- `validateGuess`: A function that has...
  - Parameters:
    1. `guess`: Any string
  - Return: Whether the guess was correct

Return: a function with:

- Parameters:
  1. `text`: Any string
- Return: The first guess generated by calling `makeGuess` where `validateGuess` returned `true`, or `undefined` if none ever did

## Files

- `index.ts`: Write your `createCodeCracker` function here
- `index.test.ts`: Tests verifying `createCodeCracker`
- `solution.ts`: Solution code
